Add order custom fees extension point (#206)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/admin-ui-sdk/extension-points/order/custom-fees.md

---
title: Order get custom fees
description: Retrieve custom fees applied to orders in the Adobe Commerce Admin.
keywords:
  - App Builder
  - Extensibility
---

# Order get custom fees

The `order get custom fees` extension point displays one or more customized fees or discounts on the following locations:

* The Orders Total section of the Create Order page and related pages in the Admin.
* Invoice pages in the Admin.
* Credit memo pages in the Admin.
* Order history pages on the storefront.

The fee amounts are in the base currency of the store.

## Example customization​

> The following example enables the display of two fees on the Admin and storefront. The first instance applies a $1.00 fee to all orders. The second instance applied a fee of $5.00 only when the order total is at least $20.00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example enables the display of two fees on the Admin and storefront. The first instance applies a $1.00 fee to all orders. The second instance applies a fee of $5.00 when the order total is $20.00 or more.
```

```javascript

order: {
    getOrderCustomFees() {
      return [
        {
          id: 'test-fee-1',
          label: 'Test Fee 1',
          value: 1.00,
          applyFeeOnLastCreditMemo: false
        },
        {
          id: 'test-fee-2',
          label: 'Test Fee 2',
          value: 5.00,
          orderMinimumAmount: 20,
          applyFeeOnLastInvoice: true
        }
      ]
    }
}
```

## Parameters

| Field | Type | Required | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> `code` | string | Yes | A unique ID that identifies the fee/discount. We recommended using the format: <extensionId>::<fee/discountName>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`id` | string | Yes | A unique ID that identifies the fee/discount. We recommended using the format: <extensionId>::<fee/discountName>
```

> `id` | string | Yes | A unique ID that identifies the fee/discount. We recommended using the format: `<extensionId>`::`<fee/discountName>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`id` | string | Yes | A unique ID that identifies the fee/discount. We recommended using the format: `<extensionId>`::`<fee/discountName>`.
```
